Update/link to the api docs (#544)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-api.md

---
title: "dbt Cloud API"
id: "cloud-api"
---

### Overview

If you are on the `Team` or `Enterprise` dbt Cloud plan, you will have access to the 
dbt Cloud API.

Common uses for our API would be:

- Downloading artifacts after a job has completed 
- Kicking off a job run 
- Creating/modifying/deleting objects in dbt Cloud 

> Our API endpoints can be found [here](/

Reviewer: and same here - it's not _our_ API!

---
title: "dbt Cloud API"
id: "cloud-api"
---

### Overview

If you are on the `Team` or `Enterprise` dbt Cloud plan, you will have access to the 
dbt Cloud API.

> Common uses for our API would be:
> 
> - Downloading artifacts after a job has completed 
> - Kicking off a job run 
> - Creating/modifying/deleting objects in dbt Cloud 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbt Cloud API can be used to:

- Download artifacts after a job has completed 
- Kick off a job run from an orchestration tool
- Manage your dbt Cloud account
```

Reviewer: huh - I see this one market as resolved, but the change wasn't actually applied. My thinking here is just that we shouldn't call this "our" API, we should call it "the" API :)

> Our API endpoints can be found [here](dbt-cloud/api/).

Reviewer 2: I think you want:
```suggestion
Our API endpoints can be found [here](dbt-cloud/api).
```

Reviewer 2: Nope that's not either :)

> Our API endpoints can be found [here](dbt-cloud/api/).

Reviewer 2: @drewbanin — I'm actually not sure how to get this one to work!

Reviewer 2: Turns out you want:
```suggestion
Our API endpoints can be found [here](/dbt-cloud/api).
```

> Our API endpoints can be found [here](/dbt-cloud/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full documentation for the dbt Cloud API can be found [here](/dbt-cloud/api).
```

### How to Access the API 

#### User API tokens
You can find your API token in your user's profile under `API Access`.  

<Lightbox src="/img/api-access-profile.png" title="API Access" />

> #### Service API token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Service Account API tokens
```

> To enable this for your account, you will need to contact Support via Intercom 
> or support@getdbt.com. Once it is enabled, you can create these tokens by going to 
> Account Settings > Service Tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Account API tokens are currently available in a beta for dbt Cloud Enterprise customers. To request access to the Service Account API token preview, please contact support in-app or by emailing support@getdbt.com.

Once enabled, you can manage Service Account API Tokens from the Account Settings > Service Tokens page within dbt Cloud.
```

> <LoomVideo id="/55eb660a52bf4417b1274c6a55796cda" />

Reviewer: I don't think this works - you might need to remove the leading slash? See the deploy preview here: https://deploy-preview-544--docs-getdbt-com.netlify.app/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-api
